---
layout: post
title:  "Writing (David Perell and Sahil Lavingia Podcast Summary)"
date:   2020-05-19 16:34:11 +0530
---

Watched a podcast by David Perell and Savil Lavingia which inspired me to start writing. Since the podcast was 2 hours long so I decided to write a summary which could help me later to revisit. Below are my learnings - 

- Writing eliminates the useless factors when discussing ideas, like charm, loudness, authority.
- Writing gives structure to the thought process.
- Use documentation as cache,  when you encounter a problem , go to documentation first (that is the cache), if there is a miss then go to the stakeholder(database). Hitting the database is costly and that is why writing is important.
- Write like your audience is smart and busy.
- Get straight to the point, have less meetings.
- The more people you alienate, the better.
- Let everyone learn from how you learn.
- If you can write well, you can think well and if you can think well , you will be succesful and happy too.
- If you know a skill that other people use to earn money, then teach.
- Don’t create customers, create fans.
- Don’t become a wandering generality, be a meaningful specific.
- Coin a term for the stuff that you talk about.
- Apply the paradox of specificity - the narrower the brand, the more opportunities come to you. Pick a niche, learn all about it and share what you learn
- Build for everyone and you build for no one. build for one person and you build for thousands.
- No one cares so Just write it.
- Being scared is an ego problem. Publish your ideas because again no one cares
- Don’t wait until you have a certain amount of time. Start as early as possible
- Don’t worry about the platform you are using, the first step is to start writing
- Write about what you are excited about. Play the music or paint the picture that excites you.
- Expertise is not binary, it is a ladder.
- Happy writing :)

You can follow them here [David Perell][david] and [Sahil Lavingia][sahil] and here is the [link][podcast] to their podcast. 

[david]: https://twitter.com/david_perell
[sahil]: https://twitter.com/shl
[podcast]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grXrGaT7DLw